chore: readme updates (#1706)
rudderlabs/rudder-sdk-js: README.md

  if(window.rudderAnalyticsMount=function(){
  "undefined"==typeof globalThis&&(Object.defineProperty(Object.prototype,"__globalThis_magic__",{get:function get(){
  return this},configurable:true}),__globalThis_magic__.globalThis=__globalThis_magic__,
  delete Object.prototype.__globalThis_magic__);var e=document.createElement("script")
  ;e.src="".concat(sdkBaseUrl,"/").concat(window.rudderAnalyticsBuildType,"/").concat(sdkName),e.async=asyncScript,
  document.head?document.head.appendChild(e):document.body.appendChild(e)
  },"undefined"==typeof Promise||"undefined"==typeof globalThis){var d=document.createElement("script")
  ;d.src="https://polyfill-fastly.io/v3/polyfill.min.js?version=3.111.0&features=Symbol%2CPromise&callback=rudderAnalyticsMount",
  d.async=asyncScript,document.head?document.head.appendChild(d):document.body.appendChild(d)}else{
  window.rudderAnalyticsMount()}window.rudderanalytics.load(<WRITE_KEY>,<DATA_PLANE_URL>,{})}();
</script>
```

<br>

> The above snippet lets you integrate the SDK with your website and load it asynchronously to keep your page load time unaffected.

> To load `rudder-analytics.js` on to your page synchronously, see the [**JavaScript SDK documentation**](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/installation/#synchronous-loading).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To load SDK script on to your page synchronously, see the [**JavaScript SDK documentation**](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/installation/#synchronous-loading).
```

To install the SDK via npm, run the following command:

```bash
npm install @rudderstack/analytics-js --save
```

**Note that this NPM module is only meant to be used for a browser installation**. If you want to integrate RudderStack with your Node.js application, see the [**RudderStack Node.js documentation**](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/rudderstack-node-sdk/).
<br><br>

**IMPORTANT**: Since the module exports the [**related APIs**](#exported-apis) on an already-defined object combined with the Node.js module caching, you should run the following code snippet only once and use the exported object throughout your project:

- **For ECMAScript modules (ESM)**:

```javascript
import { RudderAnalytics } from '@rudderstack/analytics-js';

const rudderAnalytics = new RudderAnalytics();
rudderAnalytics.load(WRITE_KEY, DATA_PLANE_URL, {});
  
export { rudderAnalytics };  
```

- **For CJS using the `require` method**:

```javascript
var RudderAnalytics = require("@rudderstack/analytics-js");

const rudderAnalytics = new RudderAnalytics();

> rudderAnalytics.load(WRITE_KEY, DATA_PLANE_URL);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rudderAnalytics.load(WRITE_KEY, DATA_PLANE_URL, {});
```
